MX B2C & Exports (#298)
invopop/gobl: regimes/mx/README.md

}
```

## Generic RFCs

> In MX, CFDI invoices to final consumers are required to use the generic RFC (`XAXX010101000`) in the documenta's `Receptor` and some specific values for the suppliers extensions. In GOBL, you don't need to enter those values explicitly. Just to set the `simplified` tax tag in your invoice and exclude the customer, and the GOBL to CFDI conversor will take care of the rest:

Reviewer: Typo.
```suggestion
In MX, CFDI invoices to end consumers need to use the generic RFC (`XAXX010101000`) in the document's `Receptor` and some specific values for the supplier extensions. In GOBL, you don't need to enter those values explicitly. Just to set the `simplified` tax tag in your invoice and exclude the customer, and the GOBL to CFDI conversor will take care of the rest:
```
